[IMP] Events: Update Templates page (#17270)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/marketing/events/event_setup/event_templates.rst

Event templates
===============

Odoo **Events** app allows users to create and configure reusable event templates.

With templates, users can automatically configure similar events without needing to recreate them
from scratch.

Event templates dashboard
=========================

To view and manage event templates, navigate to :menuselection:`Events app --> Configuration -->
Event Templates`.

.. image:: event_templates/event-templates-page.png
   :alt: The Event Templates page in the Odoo Events application.

By default, Odoo provides three preconfigured event templates with unique configurations:
:guilabel:`Exhibition`, :guilabel:`Training`, and :guilabel:`Sport`. These templates can be modified

> and/or duplicated for further customization.

Reviewer: how did you confirm that these are default templates? 

sometimes it's difficult to tell whether something we see in runbot is demo data. The best way to verify is by creating a new trial database and seeing what is available by default there. When i did this, I did not see the three event templates, but this is saas-19.2

<img width="1902" height="624" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/82acb6cd-2d97-4880-82d5-27f220ae1d92" />

To ensure new users aren't thrown off when they don't see pre-created templates, maybe we just remove this assertion

Author: good catch, thank you

By default, Odoo provides three preconfigured event templates with unique configurations:
:guilabel:`Exhibition`, :guilabel:`Training`, and :guilabel:`Sport`. These templates can be modified
and/or duplicated for further customization.

.. tip::
   Drag-and-drop the event templates using the :icon:`oi-draggable` :guilabel:`(draggable)` icon to
   change the order in which they appear in the *Template* drop-down field on an event form.

Create event template
=====================

To create a new event template, click :guilabel:`New` in the upper-left corner of the dashboard.

.. image:: event_templates/event-template-form.png
   :alt: A standard event template form in the Odoo Events application.

On the form, provide the template with a name in the :guilabel:`Event Template` field.

Beneath the field, the user may customize navigation options on the event website by selecting one
or more of the following checkboxes:

- :guilabel:`Website Submenu`: Display a submenu on the event website. When selected, every other
  checkbox in this series is automatically selected. Deselect any of the checkbox options as
  desired.

> - :guilabel:`Tracks Menu Item`: Display a submenu item navigating to a page of all planned tracks

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Tracks Menu Item`: Display a submenu item that navigates to a page of all planned tracks
```
suggestion: revised to that navigates.
